Volume hotplug: clear up docs --persist (#877)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/storage/hotplug_volumes.md

```

### Retain hotplugged volumes after restart

> In many cases it is desirable to keep hotplugged volumes after a VM restart. It may also be desirable to be able to unplug these volumes after the restart. The `persist` option makes it possible to unplug the disks after a restart. If you don't specify `persist`, the volume is only ever hotplugged on the VMI (instance) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases it is desirable to keep hotplugged volumes after a VM restart. The `persist` option will retain the hotplugged volume after a restart and not impact your ability to unplug the volume if desired. If you don't specify `persist`, the volume is only ever hotplugged on the VMI (instance) level.
```

### Persist
In some cases you want a hotplugged volume to stay hotplugged after a restart of the VM.
In that case, you can call the addvolume command with the --persist flag.

> This means that when you restart the VM, the disk is already defined in the VM (as hotplugged), and thus is hotplugged to the new VMI.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused, isn't this covered in line 88? If so, maybe we can combine the two into one section:
`### Retain hotplugged volumes after restart with `persist` option`

Reviewer 2: +1

```bash
$ virtctl addvolume vm-fedora --volume-name=example-volume-hotplug --persist
```

> > *NOTE* The persist flag could also be used with removevolume to unplug in the same manner

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand... What is the difference between using `removevolume` with `--persist` and without it?
Could you please add an example to the ###Removevolume section?

> > *NOTE* The persist flag could also be used with removevolume to unplug in the same manner

Reviewer 2: Should we also add some info about how to mount the hotplugged disk to a VM? At least with the example for Linux:

```
Inside the VM (via virtctl console <vm-name> or SSH), run:
lsblk

Look for a new device (e.g., /dev/sda, /dev/vdb, etc.) that doesn't have a mount point.

Mount the new disk:

sudo mkfs.ext4 /dev/sda
sudo mkdir /mnt/hotplug
sudo mount /dev/sda /mnt/hotplug
```
